Shell completions (#2936)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/sncast/completion.md

# `completion`

> Prints the completion script for the specified shell to `stdout`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates a completion script for the specified shell and writes it to `stdout`.
```

## `[SHELL]`
Optional 

> If not specified, the script will be generated for the shell detected under via `$SHELL` variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If not specified, the script will be generated for the shell detected under `$SHELL` variable.
```
